feat(components): [message-box] pass action-handlers to vnode (#23901)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/message-box.md

:::

> ## Promise Resolvers ^(2.13.8)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Promise Resolvers ^(2.14.0)
```

| --------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| autofocus                         | auto focus when open MessageBox                                                                                                          | ^[boolean]                                                                                                        | true                                             |
| title                             | title of the MessageBox                                                                                                                  | ^[string]                                                                                                         | ''                                               |

> | message                           | content of the MessageBox                                                                                                                | ^[string] / ^[VNode] / ^[Function]`() => VNode` ^(2.2.17) / ^[Function]`({ resolve, reject }) => VNode` ^(2.13.8) | —                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| message                           | content of the MessageBox                                                                                                                | ^[string] / ^[VNode] / ^[Function]`() => VNode` ^(2.2.17) / ^[Function]`({ resolve, reject }) => VNode` ^(2.14.0) | —                                                |
```
